Initial implementation of Subscription Docs (#609)
graphql-rust/juniper: docs/book/content/advanced/subscriptions.md

# Subscriptions
### How to achieve realtime data with GraphQL subscriptions

GraphQL Subscriptions are a way to push data from the server to the clients that choose to listen to real time messages 
from the server. Subscriptions are similar to queries in that they specify a set of fields to be delivered to the client,
but instead of immediately returning a single answer, a result is sent every time a particular event happens on the 
server. 

> For the usage of subscriptions you need to add [juniper_subscriptions][juniper_subscriptions] into your cargo.toml:

Reviewer: I'd add here a brief explanation about subscriptions coordinators and why we need to add juniper_subscriptions into a cargo.toml:

```
In order to execute subscriptions you need a coordinator (that spawns connections) 
and a GraphQL object that can be resolved into a stream, elements of which will then 
be returned to the end user. [juniper_subscriptions][juniper_subscriptions] crate 
provides a default connection implementation, and you'll need to add it into 
your cargo.toml:
```

should be a [Stream][Stream].

This example shows a subscription operation that returns two events, the strings `Hello` and `World!`
sequentially: 

```rust
# use juniper::http::GraphQLRequest;
# use juniper::{DefaultScalarValue, FieldError, SubscriptionCoordinator};
# use juniper_subscriptions::Coordinator;
# use futures::{Stream, StreamExt};
# use std::pin::Pin;
# #[derive(Clone)]
# pub struct Database;
# impl juniper::Context for Database {}
# impl Database {
#    fn new() -> Self {
#        Self {}
#    }
# }
# pub struct Query;
# #[juniper::graphql_object(Context = Database)]
# impl Query {
#    fn hello_world() -> &str {
#        "Hello World!"
#    }
# }
pub struct Subscription;

type StringStream = Pin<Box<dyn Stream<Item = Result<String, FieldError>> + Send>>;

#[juniper::graphql_subscription(Context = Database)]
impl Subscription {
    async fn hello_world() -> StringStream {
        let stream = tokio::stream::iter(vec![
            Ok(String::from("Hello")),
            Ok(String::from("World!"))
        ]);
        Box::pin(stream)
    }
}
# fn main () {}
```         

### Coordinator

> 

Reviewer: I'd explain here a bit more what subscription coodinator is and why we need it. I copied a bit from [this comment](https://github.com/graphql-rust/juniper/pull/433#issuecomment-553570544)

```
Subscriptions require a bit more resources than regular queries, since they can provide 
a great vector for DOS attacks and can bring down a server easily if not handled right. 
[SubscriptionCoordinator][SubscriptionCoordinator] trait provides the coordination logic. 
It contains the schema and can keep track of opened connections, handle subscription 
start and maintains a global subscription id. Once connection is established, subscription 
coordinator spawns a [SubscriptionConnection][SubscriptionConnection], which handles a 
single connection, provides resolver logic for a client stream and can provide re-connection 
and shutdown logic.
```

# Subscriptions
### How to achieve realtime data with GraphQL subscriptions

> GraphQL Subscriptions are a way to push data from the server to the clients that choose to listen to real time messages 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GraphQL subscriptions are a way to push data from the server to clients requesting real-time messages 
```

from the server. Subscriptions are similar to queries in that they specify a set of fields to be delivered to the client,
but instead of immediately returning a single answer, a result is sent every time a particular event happens on the 
server. 

In order to execute subscriptions you need a coordinator (that spawns connections) 

> and a GraphQL object that can be resolved into a stream, elements of which will then 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and a GraphQL object that can be resolved into a stream--elements of which will then 
```

> be returned to the end user. [juniper_subscriptions][juniper_subscriptions] crate 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
be returned to the end user. The [juniper_subscriptions][juniper_subscriptions] crate 
```

> provides a default connection implementation, and you'll need to add it into 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
provides a default connection implementation. Currently subscriptions are only supported on the `master` branch. Add the following to your `Cargo.toml`:
```

> your cargo.toml:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```toml
[dependencies]
juniper = { git = "https://github.com/graphql-rust/juniper", branch = "master" }
juniper_subscriptions = { git = "https://github.com/graphql-rust/juniper", branch = "master" }
```

### Schema Definition

> The Subscription is just a GraphQL object, similar to the Query root and Mutations object that you defined for the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The top-level GraphQL Subscription is just a GraphQL object, similar to the Query object and Mutation object defined
```

> operations in your [Schema][Schema], the difference is that all the operations defined there should be async and the return of it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in your [Schema][Schema], the difference is that all the operations defined in the GraphQL Subscription object should be async and the return value
```

This example shows a subscription operation that returns two events, the strings `Hello` and `World!`
sequentially: 

```rust
# use juniper::http::GraphQLRequest;
# use juniper::{DefaultScalarValue, FieldError, SubscriptionCoordinator};
# use juniper_subscriptions::Coordinator;
# use futures::{Stream, StreamExt};
# use std::pin::Pin;
# #[derive(Clone)]
# pub struct Database;
# impl juniper::Context for Database {}
# impl Database {
#    fn new() -> Self {
#        Self {}
#    }
# }
# pub struct Query;
# #[juniper::graphql_object(Context = Database)]
# impl Query {
#    fn hello_world() -> &str {
#        "Hello World!"
#    }
# }
pub struct Subscription;

type StringStream = Pin<Box<dyn Stream<Item = Result<String, FieldError>> + Send>>;

#[juniper::graphql_subscription(Context = Database)]
impl Subscription {
    async fn hello_world() -> StringStream {
        let stream = tokio::stream::iter(vec![
            Ok(String::from("Hello")),
            Ok(String::from("World!"))
        ]);
        Box::pin(stream)
    }
}
# fn main () {}
```         

### Coordinator

Subscriptions require a bit more resources than regular queries, since they can provide a great vector 

> for DOS attacks and can bring down a server easily if not handled right. [SubscriptionCoordinator][SubscriptionCoordinator] trait provides the coordination logic. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for DOS attacks and can bring down a server easily if not handled right. The [SubscriptionCoordinator][SubscriptionCoordinator] trait provides the coordination logic. 
```

> It contains the schema and can keep track of opened connections, handle subscription 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [SubscriptionCoordinator][SubscriptionCoordinator] contains the schema and can keep track of opened connections, handle subscription 
```

> start and maintains a global subscription id. Once connection is established, subscription 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
creation, and maintains a global subscription id.

Once a connection is established, the [SubscriptionCoordinator][SubscriptionCoordinator] 
```

> coordinator spawns a [SubscriptionConnection][SubscriptionConnection], which handles a 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
spawns a [SubscriptionConnection][SubscriptionConnection], which handles a 
```

> single connection, provides resolver logic for a client stream and can provide re-connection 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
single connection, provides resolver logic for a client stream, and can provide re-connection 
```

#         "Hello World!"
#     }
# }
# 
# pub struct Subscription;
# 
# type StringStream = Pin<Box<dyn Stream<Item = Result<String, FieldError>> + Send>>;
# 
# #[juniper::graphql_subscription(Context = Database)]
# impl Subscription {
#     async fn hello_world() -> StringStream {
#         let stream =
#             tokio::stream::iter(vec![Ok(String::from("Hello")), Ok(String::from("World!"))]);
#         Box::pin(stream)
#     }
# }
type Schema = RootNode<'static, Query, EmptyMutation<Database>, Subscription>;

fn schema() -> Schema {
    Schema::new(Query {}, EmptyMutation::new(), Subscription {})
}

async fn run_subscription() {
    let schema = schema();
    let coordinator = Coordinator::new(schema);
    let req: GraphQLRequest<DefaultScalarValue> = serde_json::from_str(
        r#"
        {
            "query": "subscription { helloWorld }"
        }
    "#,
    )
        .unwrap();
    let ctx = Database::new();
    let mut conn = coordinator.subscribe(&req, &ctx).await.unwrap();
    while let Some(result) = conn.next().await {
        println!("{}", serde_json::to_string(&result).unwrap());
    }
}

# fn main() { }
```     

### Web Integration and Examples

> In the moment there is a example of subscriptions with [warp][warp], but it still in a Alpha state

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently there is an example of subscriptions with [warp][warp], but it still in an alpha state.
```

> since the GraphQL over [WS][WS] is not fully supported yet in this implementation and in the moment is 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GraphQL over [WS][WS] is not fully supported yet and is non-standard.
```

> the only integration that supports it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
